Internews Subgrant SGF-UA1854-FD-108 m00
Local voices. Global change.

This agreement defines the terms and conditions of an assistance award made by Internews to the

Subrecipient. These terms and conditions are presented in multiple sections, as outlined below. All of the

contents of these sections constitute the entire agreement between the Parties.

The Sections: page

SECTION 1 -— Адгеетене. ...................... Й
ЗЕСТЮМ 2 - Вавіс Ргомі5іопе......... мання З
SECTION 3 - Ргодгат Оеєзсгіріїоп .......... манна Г
SECTION 4 - Milestones, Deliverables, and Payment............ 9
SECTION 5 — Рите Рипдег Кедигетег............................11
ЗЕСТЮМ 6 — [$1 о! Аппехез .................. 1
SECTION 7 - Сепійсаїопя ........ «нн 02

SECTION 1 — Agreement

1.01 PARTIES:

The party giving this award is Internews Network, hereinafter referred to as “Internews.”
The party receiving this award is recipient Non-government Organization “Mykolaiv Center for
Investigative Reporting’, hereinafter referred to as “MCIR” or “Subrecipient.”

1.02 AUTHORITY: The authority for this award is Cooperative Agreement 72012118CA00001, dated
15AUG2018 between development partner the US Agency for International Development
(hereinafter “USAID” or the Prime Funder) and implementer Internews. The CFDA Number for the
authorizing (prime) award is 98.001.

This Cooperative Agreement is registered with the Ministry of Economic Development and Trade
of Ukraine as the international technical assistance project “The Media Program in Ukraine”,
registration #3957.

1.03 AWARD TYPE: This award is a fixed amount award. This award is made to the Subrecipient on
condition that the award funds will be administered in accordance with the terms and conditions
as set forth in this agreement, including all Sections hereto. Payments are based on meeting
specific requirements of the award, and accountability is based on performance and results.

1.04 AWARD PURPOSE: The purpose of this award is to increase production of high-quality
multimedia investigative reporting content; support regional mechanisms for collaborative
reporting and content exchange; support the development of data analysis tools and continuing
professional growth of investigative reporters throughout Ukraine, as is more thoroughly
described herein.

1.05 PERIOD OF AWARD:

Start Date End Date
010CT2021 30JUNE2022

1.06 AMOUNT OF AWARD: The total amount of this award is shown in the table below. Amounts are
expressed in US Dollars (USD). The total amount of this award has been negotiated based on
specific project scope and a reasonable estimate of actual cost, including allocable indirect costs.
The total amount specified for each milestone will be paid regardless of the actual costs incurred.
Internews is not liable for providing the Subrecipient with any funds in excess of the total amount
or outside the period of this award as stated in Section 1.05.

Total Award Amount
$ 36,401.40
Section 1, Agreement page 1 of 24
Internews/MCIR Subgrant SGF-UA1854-FD-108 m00

1.07 CURRENCY OF AWARD: The official currency for this agreement is US Dollars (USD). All
transaction amounts shall be stated in USD in all correspondence pursuant to this agreement.
Monetary transactions in a currency other than the official currency shall be stated in the actual
currency of the transaction with the value converted to official currency and documenting the
conversion rate used. At the Subrecipient’s request, Internews may transfer funds to the
Subrecipient in a currency other than the official currency.

1.08 CONTROLLING LANGUAGE OF AWARD: It is Internews’ policy that English is the official
language of all award documents. If an award or any supporting documents are provided in both
English and a foreign language, it must be stated in each version that the English language
version is the controlling version.

1.09 ACCEPTANCE: The present agreement is made in four original copies, one in Ukrainian and one
in English for each of the parties. By their signatures below, the signatories accept the terms and
conditions of this agreement including the certifications in Section 7 on behalf of their respective
parties and assert that they are authorized representatives of the parties with full authority to bind
their party to the terms of this agreement and its certifications.

For Internews:
September 29, 2021
Emmanuel (Manu) Parage Date
Senior Grants and Contracts Analyst
For the Subrecipient:
Oleg Oganov Date
Director
Section 2 begins next page.
Section 1, Agreement page 2 of 24
